I really could run away together you
know we could I don't want to I play a
character called Tim Abbott Tim is
studying abroad over in California is
falling in love with a young Californian
Beauty and the inner struggle that he
has with letting her go
Lily come with me right now and get on a
plane it's kind of an intense way of
meeting someone and bonding with them
very quickly bridget is a little torn
between her husband and sort of falls in
love with this English 20 year old boy
who wanted to force where my dear I will
be right where you sit this experience
has definitely been the most artistic
fulfilling experience I've had the
characters really dominate the first
episode and then are the least dominant
character in the second it makes up for
a very interesting kind of parlay of
characters the second episode I'm in is
with David Boreanaz plays one of my
clients comedian Hollywood huh a cruel
cruel mistress you make us and you break
us he's just kind of a crazy fun
comedian with a lot to say
once this kicked up beat up at school he
planted this is not just some kind of
coincidence couple big bruisers and I
pay anyone to do that that I asked
anybody to fight my pants no I didn't
the answer is no no he's kind of stuck
in a situation now that he's it's pretty
serious he's trying to get out of people
like you who don't like the truth must
really suck out there now whether truth
just sits there like the scary thing in
your nasty little lives
Kiki's grades she's just a really
beautiful soulful person that gives you
that energy I play a character named
Chandra she is a senior in high school
her brother actually just committed
suicide so she's dealing with that and
also dealing with the reasons as to why
he committed suicide which involved
David's character no matter what you say
to me tonight or how you spin this in
the press I need you to know my brother
is dead because of you
you